Fix the before/after image comparison slider for mobile touch interaction without changing the existing desktop design, animation, or transition.

The slider currently works perfectly with a mouse on laptop/desktop, but on mobile I cannot grab/hold the circular slider handle and drag it smoothly from left to right.

Please update the slider implementation so it supports both desktop mouse and mobile touch seamlessly.

Requirements:
Use Pointer Events (pointerdown, pointermove, pointerup, pointercancel) instead of relying only on mouse events.
The circular slider handle must be fully draggable on mobile by pressing and holding it and moving the finger horizontally.
Allow the user to start dragging by touching the slider handle, and optionally slightly around the handle for easier mobile interaction.
During dragging, calculate the slider position based on the touch/pointer's clientX relative to the image/container's getBoundingClientRect().
Clamp the slider position between 0% and 100% so it never goes outside the image.
Add:
touch-action: none;
user-select: none;
-webkit-user-select: none;

to the draggable handle/container where appropriate.

Use setPointerCapture(pointerId) on pointerdown so dragging continues smoothly even if the finger moves slightly outside the handle.
Release it with releasePointerCapture(pointerId) on pointerup/pointercancel.
Prevent the browser's default scrolling/gesture behavior only while the user is actively dragging the slider. Do not disable normal page scrolling elsewhere.
Make the handle sufficiently easy to grab on mobile, preferably with a minimum 44px × 44px touch target, while keeping the visible circular icon/design exactly as it currently looks.
Ensure the slider remains smooth at 60fps. Use requestAnimationFrame if necessary rather than causing excessive React state updates during pointer movement.
Do not remove or alter the existing before/after animation, transition, styling, layout, typography, or desktop behavior.
Make the fix responsive for both iOS Safari and Android Chrome.
Check all before/after comparison cards on the page and apply the same mobile interaction fix consistently.

Important: Do not create a separate mobile version of the slider. Fix the existing slider component so the same component works with mouse, touch, and stylus using Pointer Events.

After implementing, test specifically on a mobile viewport:

Touch and hold the circular handle
Drag slowly left/right
Drag quickly left/right
Start dragging near the edges
Release the finger
Scroll the page normally when not dragging

The expected result is that on mobile I can press and hold the slider icon and smoothly drag it horizontally, exactly like using the mouse on laptop.